What is Software?What is software engineering?
In a computer system, the software is basically a set of instructions or commands that tell a computer what to do.
In other words, the software is a computer program that provides a set of instructions to execute a user's commands 
and tell the computer what to do.Software Engineering is the process of designing, developing, testing, and maintaining software. 


Explain types of software?
     Application software
Application software. The most common type of software, application software is a computer software package that performs
a specific function for a user, or in some cases, for another application.
     System Software
System software. These software programs are designed to run a computer's application programs and hardware.
System software coordinates the activities and functions of the hardware and software.
     Driver Software
Driver software. Also known as device drivers, this software is often considered a type of system software. 
Device drivers control the devices and peripheralsconnected to a computer, enabling them to perform their specific tasks. 
    Programming Software
Programming software. Computer programmers use programming software to write code. Programming software and programming tools enable developers to
develop, write, test and debug other software programs.

What is SDLC? Explain each phase of sdlc?
SDLC or the Software Development Life Cycle is a process that produces software with the highest quality and lowest cost in the shortest time possible. 
SDLC provides a well-structured flow of phases that help an organization to quickly producehigh-quality software which is well-tested 
and ready for production use.
The SDLC has five phases: inception, design, implementation, maintenance, and audit or disposal, which includes an assessment of the risk management plan.

The phase of inception includes the planning and requirement analysis, and the creation of a rough draft of the system
including identification of the possible risks. This is also the first step for risk management where project managers
identify and prioritize software development risks.
The design and prototyping phase of SDLC is when the system designers take into account possible risks,
 so the list of potential risks the system has to deal with is formed at this stage.
The implementation of the software development phase includes the system configuration and creation of 
functional software, testing, and verification. Here the system is tested against the risks identified in the previous two phases.
The maintenance phase includes debugging and updating if new risks are identified they have to be included in the system modules.
The audit phase includes the risk management plan assessment and any necessary refinements.
Any substantial changes in risk management are then incorporated into the updates based on system audit results.


What is DFD? Create a dfd diagram on flowchart
DFD is the abbreviation for Data Flow Diagram. The flow of data of a system or a process is represented by DFD.
It also gives insight into the inputs and outputs of each entity and the process itself. DFD does not have control 
flow and no loops or decision rules are present.

 What is flowchart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers
A flowchart is a diagram that depicts a process, system or computer algorithm. They are widely used in multiple
fields to document, study, plan,improve and communicate often complex processes in clear, easy-to-understand diagrams.
Flowcharts, sometimes spelled as flow charts, use rectangles, ovals, diamonds and potentially numerous other
shapes to define the type of step, along with connecting arrows to define flow and sequence.

 What is Use case Diagram? Create a use-case on bill payment on paytm.
Use-case diagrams describe the high-level functions and scope of a system. These diagrams also identify the interactions between the system and its actors.
The use cases and actors in use-case diagrams describe what the systemdoes and how the actors use it, but not how the system operates internally.
 